OneFuzz CLI Docker container (#1831)
microsoft/onefuzz: docs/OneFuzz-Docker-CLI.md

- <GITHUB_REPO> - GitHub repository that contains a successfully build pull request that will be used for creating Docker container.
- <PR> - GitHub pull request number that contains build artifacts to use to create Docker container.
- <GITHUB_TOKEN> - In GitHub, generate a personal access token (PAT) with the `public_repo` scope.
   You may need to enable SSO for the token, depending on the org that your OneFuzz fork belongs to.

## Running OneFuzz CLI Docker container

There are three different scenarios that get enabled with OneFuzz CLI Docker container

1. To have a new OneFuzz CLI session where you need to configure and authenticate every time on Docker container startup use following command `docker run -it <CONTAINER_TAG>`.

2. If you have used OneFuzz CLI in your dev environment, and want to re-use configuration and authentication cache. Run following command (PowerShell example)  `docker run -it -v $env:USERPROFILE\.cache\onefuzz:/root/.cache/onefuzz <CONTAINER_TAG>`. It will mount your OneFuzz cache folder into OneFuzz CLI Docker container.

> 3. If you have several OneFuzz deployments. You can store OneFuzz configuration per deploymnet in your dev environment by creating a different folder for each OneFuzz deployment and then mountint that folder as OneFuzz CLI cache when running the Docker container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If you have several OneFuzz deployments. You can store OneFuzz configuration per deployment in your dev environment by creating a different folder for each OneFuzz deployment and then mounting that folder as OneFuzz CLI cache when running the Docker container.
```
